♪ YU-GI-OH, YU-GI-OH,
YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
HEY, JOEY!
EARTH TO JOEY!
HEY, ARE YOU IN THERE?
IT'S YOUR TURN.
UMM...HMM...
AWW! ISN'T HE CUTE
WHEN HE'S THINKING?
HEY, TRISTAN,
YUGI HERE'S TEACHING ME
HOW TO PLAY DUEL MONSTERS.
DROOLING MONSTERS?
DUEL MONSTERS,
YOU NIMROD.
SHEESH!
THEY'VE BEEN AT IT
FOR HOURS.
JOEY'S STARTING
TO GET THE HANG
OF THE GAME,
BUT YUGI'S,
LIKE, AN EXPERT.
OK, YUGI.
IT'S TIME TO DUEL.
Tea: SEE, EACH CARD
HAS AN ATTACK NUMBER
AND A DEFENSE NUMBER.
FIRST PLAYER TO ELIMINATE
THEIR OPPONENT'S LIFE POINTS
WINS THE DUEL.
PRETTY GOOD MOVE,
HUH, YUGI?
YUP, PRETTY GOOD MOVE,
BUT NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
WHAT?! THANKS A LOT!
A CARD THAT POWERFUL
TOTALLY WIPES ME OUT.
Tristan: WHOA, YOU STINK
AT THIS GAME, JOEY.
Yugi: NO. YOU DID FINE, JOEY.
I JUST HAVE BETTER CARDS.
SEE, MY GRANDPA OWNS
A GAME SHOP,
AND I GET
ALL MY BEST CARDS FROM HIM.
YOUR OWN GAME SHOP?!
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
LET'S GO!
Yugi: OK.
MAYBE I CAN EVEN
GET MY GRANDPA
TO SHOW US
THIS SUPER-RARE CARD
HE'S GOT.
[THINKING]
RARE CARD?
COULD THEY
HAVE FOUND THE CARD
THAT I'VE BEEN
SEARCHING FOR?
Yugi:
GRANDPA? I'M HOME!
AND I SEE
YOU'VE BROUGHT COMPANY.
GRAMPS, COULD YOU
SHOW MY FRIENDS
YOUR AWESOME,
SUPER-RARE CARD?
RARE CARD?
MY SPECIAL CARD?
HMM...
PLEASE! PLEASE!
PRETTY PLEASE!
HMM...
HA HA!
HOW CAN I REFUSE?
YOU KIDS
ARE IN FOR A TREAT.
I DON'T TAKE
THIS CARD OUT TOO OFTEN.
READY? HERE IT IS.
THE BLUE EYES
WHITE DRAGON,
SO RARE, SO POWERFUL,
I NEVER LET IT
LEAVE MY HANDS.
AWESOME.
HMM. DOESN'T
LOOK ALL THAT
SPECIAL TO ME.
AAH! THIS CARD IS PRICELESS.
THERE ARE ONLY 4 OF THEM
IN ALL THE WORLD.
SPEAKING OF PRICELESS,
I'M READY TO TRADE.
NOT FOR THIS CARD!
HUH? NO,
I DIDN'T MEAN THAT CARD,
I MEANT SHOW ME
SOME OTHER COOL CARDS
TO GET ME STARTED.
HELLO. CAN I HELP YOU?
IF YOU CAN'T,
IT CERTAINLY
WOULDN'T SURPRISE ME.
Yugi: SETO KAIBA?
KAIBA?!
DOESN'T HE HAVE
A BIG FANCY COMPANY
TO RUN?
WHAT'S HE DOING
DOWN HERE?
NOT THAT IT'S
ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS,
BUT I CAME TO SEE THE CARD.
HEY, ARE YOU
INTO DUEL MONSTERS, TOO?
THIS IS PERFECT.
MAYBE WE COULD ALL
DUEL TOGETHER SOMETIME.
ME DUEL YOU?
I WOULD HAVE
MORE OF A CHALLENGE
PLAYING SOLITAIRE.
WHAT?
I AM THE NUMBER ONE RANKED
DUELIST IN THE COUNTRY,
AND THE FAVORITE TO WIN
THE DUEL MONSTERS
CHAMPIONSHIP.
YOU WOULDN'T LAST 2 MINUTES
IN A DUEL AGAINST ME.
OOH, I'M SHAKIN'.
MAYBE YOU'D LIKE TO SETTLE THIS
WITH FISTS INSTEAD OF CARDS?
WHOA, TAKE IT EASY,
JOEY.
BUT, YUGI,
KAIBA'S ASKING FOR IT.
NOW, DOES THIS SHOP
HAVE ANY WORTHWHILE CARDS
OR NOT?
HEY!
CAN IT BE?!
THE BLUE EYES
WHITE DRAGON
IN A DUMP LIKE THIS?!
[THINKING]
IT IS. THE CARD
I'VE BEEN SEARCHING FOR.
WELL, ENOUGH WINDOW SHOPPING.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE
I CAN HELP YOU WITH?
GRR.
AAH!
WHOA!
LISTEN TO ME, OLD MAN.
GIVE ME YOUR
BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON
CARD,
AND I'LL TRADE YOU
ALL OF THESE.
WHOA!
WOW!
AH, NICE,
BUT NO THANKS.
HUH?!
FINE.
IF YOU WON'T TRADE,
MAYBE YOU'LL SELL IT.
NAME YOUR PRICE.
I CAN PAY ANYTHING
YOU ASK.
I'M SURE YOU COULD,
BUT THIS CARD
IS WORTH MORE TO ME
THAN YOU COULD EVER OFFER.
NOT BECAUSE OF ITS POWER,
OR BECAUSE IT'S SO RARE,
BUT BECAUSE
OF WHAT IT MEANS TO ME.
THIS CARD WAS GIVEN TO ME
BY A DEAR FRIEND,
AND SO I TREASURE THIS CARD
AS I DO THAT FRIEND,
SO PARTING WITH IT IS COMPLETELY
OUT OF THE QUESTION.
[THINKING] NO!
YOU'D FEEL THE SAME
EVEN IF IT WERE
A COMMON CARD,
RIGHT, GRANDPA?
EXACTLY. YOU SEE,
THIS PRECIOUS CARD
HAS BONDED WITH MY HEART.
FINE, I'VE HEARD ENOUGH
OF YOUR NONSENSE.
SENILE OLD FOOL.
[THINKING]
HEART IN THE CARDS--
RIDICULOUS!
THESE CARDS
ARE ALL ABOUT POWER,
AND ONE WAY OR ANOTHER,
HIS BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON CARD
WILL BE MINE.
Kaiba: GENTLEMAN,
THERE'S A LITTLE SOMETHING
I'D LIKE YOU TO PICK UP FOR ME
AT THE GAME SHOP.
Man:
GLADLY, MASTER KAIBA.
[DOOR SLAMS]
GOOD MORNING.
HMM?
MY MASTER SETO KAIBA
CHALLENGES YOU
TO A DUEL.
YOU WILL
COME WITH US NOW.
AND IF I WERE TO DECLINE?
I'M AFRAID
I MUST...INSIST.
[THINKING]
YOUNG KAIBA
DOESN'T UNDERSTAND,
BUT I'LL TEACH HIM A LESSON
ABOUT THE HEART
OF THE CARDS.
Joey: I HOPE HE HAS SOME
COOL CARDS TODAY.
ME, TOO!
OK, GRAMPS!
I'M BACK TO GET MORE CARDS!
HEY! HEY, GRAMPS!
Yugi: GRANDPA, I'M HOME!
MAYBE HE WENT OUT?
MAYBE, BUT WHY WOULD HE
LEAVE THE DOOR UNLOCKED?
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
HELLO. GAME SHOP.
AH, YUGI. PERFECT.
KAIBA?!
YOUR GRANDFATHER'S
HERE VISITING,
BUT HE'S
NOT FEELING WELL.
WHY DON'T YOU
COME BY MY OFFICE
AND PICK HIM UP?
KAIBA?!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, KAIBA?!
[ELEVATOR CHIMES]
AAH! GRANDPA!
GRANDPA.
ARE YOU OK?
YUGI, I FAILED.
I WANTED TO TEACH
THAT BOY KAIBA A LESSON
ABOUT THE HEART OF THE CARDS,
BUT I LOST.
[GROANS]
GRANDPA!
HOW'S THE OLD MAN
FEELING, HMM?
KAIBA, YOU SLEAZE,
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO HIM?!
WE HAD A DUEL, THAT'S ALL.
WITH EACH OF US PUTTING UP
OUR MOST VALUABLE CARD
AS THE PRIZE,
BUT I GUESS PLAYING AGAINST
A CHAMPION LIKE MYSELF
WAS JUST TOO MUCH
STIMULATION
FOR THE OLD FOOL.
KAIBA, YOU SHOULD BE
ASHAMED OF YOURSELF.
IT WAS FAIR,
AND LOOK AT THE SWEET PRIZE
I WON.
[ALL GASP]
GRANDPA'S
MOST TREASURED CARD!
YES, THE BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON
IS A RARE AND POWERFUL CARD,
AND THIS ONE
WILL NEVER BE USED AGAINST ME.
MY BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON,
MY TREASURE.
[GROANS]
GRANDPA,
HOLD ON.
HOW COULD YOU
DO SUCH A THING?!
YUGI, HERE! TAKE THIS.
HUH? GRANDPA?
I BUILT THIS DECK.
I PUT MY SOUL IN THESE CARDS,
AND I TAUGHT YOU EVERYTHING
I KNOW, YUGI.
TAKE THEM. TAKE MY CARDS
AND TEACH HIM RESPECT.
TEACH KAIBA RESPECT
FOR THE HEART OF CARDS, YUGI.
BUT, GRANDPA,
YOU NEED HELP.
I'VE GOT TO GET YOU
TO A DOCTOR.
SOUNDS LIKE AN EXCUSE.
YOUR FRIENDS CAN CARE
FOR YOUR GRANDFATHER,
WHILE YOU AND I DUEL,
UNLESS YOU'RE AFRAID?
Joey: TAKE HIM, YUGI.
HUH?
WE CAN TAKE CARE
OF YOUR GRANDPA,
WHILE YOU TAKE CARE
OF CREEPY KAIBA.
TEACH THAT RICH,
SPOILED BRAT WHAT
A REAL DUEL'S ALL ABOUT.
FOR YOUR GRANDPA, YUGI.
I DON'T KNOW.
TRUST ME. YOU'RE,
LIKE, THE BEST PLAYER
I'VE EVER SEEN,
AND YOU'VE GOT
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
YOU CAN DO THIS, YUGI.
I KNOW YOU CAN.
Tea: WE ALL DO.
OK, GRANDPA,
I'LL DO IT.
I KNOW YOU WILL, MY BOY.
EVERYONE,
PUT YOUR HANDS TOGETHER,
AND I'LL MARK US
WITH A SPECIAL SIGN.
HUH?
WHAT GIVES, TEA?
IT'S A SYMBOL
OF OUR FRIENDSHIP,
SO WHEN YUGI'S DUELING,
NO MATTER
HOW TOUGH IT GETS,
HE'LL KNOW
THAT HE'S NOT ALONE.
WE'RE ALL RIGHT THERE
WITH HIM.
HMM.
[SIREN]
JOEY, TRISTAN AND I
WILL TAKE YUGI'S GRANDPA
TO THE HOSPITAL.
WHY DON'T YOU
GET BACK IN THERE
AND CHEER YUGI ON?
OK, TAKE GOOD CARE
OF HIM, TEA.
Kaiba: I DESIGNED
THIS VIRTUAL STADIUM MYSELF.
IMPRESSIVE, HMM?
I THINK YOU'LL AGREE
IT ADDS A BIT MORE LIFE
TO THE GAME.
WE EACH BEGIN
WITH 2,000 LIFE POINTS.
FIRST PLAYER
TO HIT ZERO LOSES.
ARE YOU READY TO PLAY, RUNT?
Yugi: PLAYTIME IS OVER,
KAIBA!
YU-GI-OH!
HUH? WHAT THE--
Yami Yugi:
NOW, KAIBA,
PREPARE YOURSELF,
BECAUSE IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
Kaiba:
VIRTUAL SYSTEMS READY,
SO LET'S BEGIN.
I ATTACK WITH THE MIGHTY
HITOTSU-ME GIANT.
BRACE YOURSELF, YUGI.
YOU'VE NEVER DUELED
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
HE'S BROUGHT THE MONSTER
ON THE CARD TO LIFE.
IT'S MY VIRTUAL SIMULATOR.
IT CREATES LIFELIKE HOLOGRAMS
OF EVERY DUEL MONSTER.
SO THIS IS HOW
YOU BEAT MY GRANDFATHER.
WELL, NOW IT'S MY TURN.
I CALL ON THE WINGED DRAGON,
GUARDIAN OF THE FORTRESS!
WHA--MONSTERS?!
REAL MONSTERS?!
FIREBALL ATTACK!
[GROANING]
BIG BROTHER,
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT!
GO, YUGI!
WELL, PLAYED, YUGI,
FOR A BEGINNER,
BUT HOW WILL YOU
DEAL WITH THIS?
[CACKLING]
SAGGI THE DARK CLOWN?
BUT THAT CARD
HAS HARDLY ANY
ATTACK STRENGTH.
TRUE, YOUR WINGED DRAGON'S
ATTACK IS 1,400,
WHILE MY DARK CLOWN'S
IS ONLY 600,
BUT IF I COMBINE IT
WITH THIS CARD--
A MAGIC CARD!
EXACTLY--
THE NEGATIVE ENERGY GENERATOR.
IT MULTIPLIES
MY MONSTER'S ATTACK BY 3.
DARK CLOWN, ATTACK
WITH DARK LIGHT.
Kaiba: AS YOU CAN SEE,
COMBINING CARDS
CAN BE VERY EFFECTIVE.
[THINKING] HE'S GOOD.
HE KNOWS EVERY ASPECT
OF THIS GAME.
BUT MY GRANDPA PUT ALL
HIS GAMING KNOWLEDGE,
HIS WHOLE HEART
INTO ASSEMBLING
THIS DECK.
I HAVE TO BELIEVE
THAT IT HOLDS
SOME SECRET STRATEGY.
THIS CARD IS USELESS.
I CAN'T BEAT THE DARK CLOWN
WITH THIS.
I'LL HAVE TO USE
A DIFFERENT MONSTER.
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE MONSTER WILL BE
SACRIFICED,
BUT MY OVERALL LIFE POINTS
WILL BE SAFE.
Kaiba:
DARK LIGHT ATTACK!
[CACKLING]
HANG IN THERE, YUGI.
[KAIBA LAUGHING]
Kaiba:
YOU'RE NOT FARING ANY BETTER
THAN THE OLD MAN DID, YUGI.
YOUR DECK IS
JUST AS WEAK AND FEEBLE
AS YOUR GRANDFATHER.
MY GRANDPA IS
A GREAT MAN
AND A BETTER DUELIST
THAN YOU'LL EVER BE.
HE ENTRUSTED ME
WITH HIS CARDS,
AND I CAN FEEL HIS HEART
IN THIS DECK.
I DOUBT YOU HAVE
THAT KIND OF FAITH
IN YOUR CARDS, KAIBA.
WHAT?
BUT I BELIEVE
IN MY GRANDPA'S DECK.
AND MY FAITH REWARDS ME
WITH GAIA THE DARK KNIGHT
WITH A DESTRUCTIVE POWER
OF 2,300.
HUH?!
WAY TO GO, YUGI!
AL RIGHT, KAIBA,
YOUR MOVE.
HAH! THIS'LL BE OVER
SOONER THAN YOU THINK.
HMM.
I CALL ON
THE BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON.
HUH? NO WAY!
IMPOSSIBLE.
WE ALL WATCHED KAIBA
TEAR THAT CARD IN HALF.
SURPRISED?
DID YOU THINK YOUR GRANDFATHER
WAS THE ONLY ONE TO POSSESS
A BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON?
Kaiba: HUH. YOUR DARK NIGHT
IS DESTROYED.
FAITH OR NO FAITH,
YOU WILL FALL BEFORE
MY SUPERIOR MONSTERS, YUGI.
POWER IS WHAT THIS GAME
IS ALL ABOUT, YOU FOOL.
FAITH IS FOR LOSERS,
LIKE YOUR PATHETIC
GRANDFATHER.
IN YOUR ENTIRE DECK,
THERE'S NOT A SINGLE CARD
THAT CAN STAND UP
TO A BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON
SO WHAT HOPE
DO YOU HAVE AGAINST 2?
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST ADMIT DEFEAT, YUGI?
HMM.
DON'T GIVE UP, YUGI.
I WON'T GIVE UP.
GRANDPA'S
COUNTING ON ME.
[GASPS]
A MAGIC CARD.
SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT!
IT STOPS ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
FOR 3 TURNS.
HOW DESPERATE.
WHAT POSSIBLE GOOD
WILL A 3-TURN DELAY DO YOU?
[THINKING]
HE'S RIGHT.
WHAT DO I DO?
I CAN'T FIGURE OUT WHAT
TO DO WITH THESE CARDS.
THEY'RE JUST
A BUNCH OF PIECES.
HOW CAN I USE THEM
TO BATTLE AN EXPERT
LIKE KAIBA?
Grandpa: FOR SOMEONE
CLAIMING TO HAVE FAITH,
YOU ARE GIVING UP
TOO EASILY, YUGI.
LISTEN, SOMETIMES
THE CARDS ARE LIKE
A PUZZLE.
YOU HAVE TO PUT
ALL THE DIFFERENT PIECES
IN THEIR PROPER PLACE.
AH, LIKE
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE?
EXACTLY.
EACH PIECE HELPS BUILD
A GREATER ENTITY.
GRANDPA!
Grandpa: LIKE THE PIECES
OF A PUZZLE, YUGI,
REMEMBER?
PUZZLE?!
WEN ARE THE CARDS
LIKE A PUZZLE?
WAIT, GRANDPA ONCE SAID---
DUEL MONSTERS
CONTAINS ONLY ONE
UNSTOPPABLE MONSTER--EXODIA,
BUT HE CAN ONLY BE SUMMONED
BY DRAWING ALL 5
SPECIAL CARDS--
A FEAT
THAT TO THIS VERY DAY,
NO ONE
HAS EVER ACCOMPLISHED.
QUIT YOUR STALLING, YUGI,
OR YOU WILL FORFEIT THE MATCH.
I NEVER FORFEIT.
[GASPS]
[THINKING]
ANOTHER PIECE
OF THE PUZZLE.
DRAW ANY CARD YOU LIKE.
IT WON'T CHANGE A THING.
MY DRAGONS MAY BE FROZEN
FOR ANOTHER 2 TURNS,
BUT MY NEW MONSTER
IS UNDER NO SUCH SPELL--
THE JUDGE MAN WITH
AN ATTACK POWER OF 2,200.
[THINKING]
I CAN ATTACK
WITH THE DARK MAGICIAN,
BUT HE
WON'T STAND A CHANCE
ONCE KAIBA'S DRAGONS
ARE FREE OF MY SPELL.
DARK MAGICIAN, ATTACK!
YOUR JUDGE MAN FALLS.
OH, A SACRIFICE
THAT DOESN'T EVEN PHASE ME.
AND THOUGH NEITHER DRAGON
CAN MOVE FOR ONE MORE TURN,
MY NEXT CARD IS THE THIRD
BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON!
NOW, MY DRAGON, ATTACK!
SO TELL ME, YUGI,
HOW'S YOUR FAITH NOW?
ON MY NEXT TURN,
ALL 3 BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGONS
ARE FREE TO ATTACK.
THIS GAME'S OVER,
NO MATTER WHAT CARD YOU DRAW.
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY
STAND AGAINST MY 3
BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGONS.
IT'S OVER, YUGI.
YOU WERE NEVER A MATCH FOR ME.
DON'T LISTEN, YUGI.
[THINKING]
KAIBA HAD 3 BLUE EYES
ALL ALONG.
HE ONLY WANTED
GRANDPA'S CARD
SO IT COULDN'T BE USED
AGAINST HIM.
MY ONLY CHANCE NOW
IS TO ASSEMBLE
ALL THE PIECES
OF EXODIA,
BUT THE ODDS
ARE AGAINST ME.
I DON'T THINK
I CAN DO THIS.
AAH!
THE DECK--
IT SENSES MY DOUBT.
DON'T LOSE FOCUS, YUGI.
DON'T LOSE FAITH.
CONCENTRATE.
OUR FRIENDSHIP SYMBOL.
YUGI, WE'RE
RIGHT HERE WITH YOU.
YUGI, YOU'VE GOT
TO BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
YOU CAN DO IT.
JUST KICK KAIBA'S BUTT.
THEY'RE RIGHT.
I'VE GOT
TO BELIEVE IN THE CARDS
LIKE MY FRIENDS
BELIEVE IN ME.
TRY YOUR LAST PATHETIC CARD,
SO I CAN END THIS, YUGI.
MY GRANDPA'S DECK
HAS NO PATHETIC CARDS,
KAIBA.
BUT IT DOES CONTAIN...
THE UNSTOPPABLE EXODIA.
AAH! IMPOSSIBLE!
I'VE ASSEMBLED
ALL 5 SPECIAL CARDS.
ALL 5
PIECES OF THE PUZZLE.
EXODIA--IT'S NOT POSSIBLE!
NO ONE'S EVER BEEN ABLE
TO CALL HIM.
EXODIA, OBLITERATE!
[SCREAMING]
YOU DID IT!
YUGI, YOU WON!
THIS CAN'T BE!
MY BROTHER NEVER LOSES!
YOU PLAY
ONLY FOR POWER, KAIBA,
AND THAT
IS WHY YOU LOST,
BUT IF YOU PUT
YOUR HEART IN THE GAME,
THERE IS NOTHING
YOU CAN'T DO.
BUT--BUT HOW?
HOW COULD I HAVE LOST TO HIM?!
KAIBA, IF YOU
TRULY WANT TO KNOW,
OPEN YOUR MIND!
UNH.
THERE, KAIBA.
MAYBE NOW
YOU WILL BEGIN TO SEE.
[GASPS]
GRANDPA'S AWAKE!
YUGI WON.
MR. PEGASUS, SIR,
SETO KAIBA,
OUR UNCONTESTED CHAMPION--
HE'S BEEN DEFEATED
IN A DUEL, SIR,
BY SOMEONE NAMED YUGI.
HMM.